# Customer or Market Needs

## Flame Sensor

Everyone needs a flame sensor. Flame sensors save lives and play a crucial role in reducing fire deaths and injuries. Knowing that a closed door may slow the spread of smoke, people with big houses might suffer huge loses in case of a fire because they will be too late. Also, people who have infants or don’t spend much time in their house will surely be interested to know if a fire has occurred. On a side note, not only people who own houses can benefit from this technology. All institution and business owners should install a flame sensor, especially if they hold valuable items. And finally, people who are blind, deaf, or have any other disabilities surely require flame sensors as well.

## Air Quality Sensor

Due to the industrial revolution and the huge increase in the concentration of poisonous gases in our environment, the air surrounding us is getting more and more toxic by the day. As a result, we are left with a variety of adverse health outcomes, ranging from respiratory and heart diseases to more serious diseases like lung cancer or even death. In order to try and prevent these effects, we should monitor the quality of the air surrounding us, and that’s where the air quality sensor comes in handy! People can apply this sensor anywhere and get the desired air quality level in real time. For example, this sensor could be applied in kitchens, since many gases we respire while cooking are actually toxic. Also, it can be applied in cars, where people can be notified of any gas leak before even having to smell the toxic gases and harm themselves. Finally, this sensor can be very beneficial in the medical field where some people have respiratory problems and must not breathe poluted air. 
You can protect yourself from all of these risks and even more just by bringing this sensor into your lives. Don’t you want to know what you’re breathing?  

## Temperature and Humidity Sensor

Temperature and humidity sensors are among the most commonly used environmental sensors. These devices are used to provide the actual temperature and humidity levels within the air in any given place in real time. Such devices are commonly used in situations where air conditions may be extreme or need to be controlled for varying reasons. For example, with a sophisticated temperature and humidity sensor, greenhouses can maintain temperature and humidity levels in different areas, allowing a variety of plants to live in the same environment. This saves money on water bills and helps farmers produce during times of low water supply. These sensors also help increase overall productivity and speed up growing time. Moreover, this sensor can also be used in grocery stores and supermarkets, where it can help prevent dehydration and keep products at the optimal temperature for health and safety. Finally, temperature and humidity are also important in building automation systems focused on human needs, such as air conditioning for example.
